
------------
Glossolalion
------------
A Generative Language Program by Christopher Chellew
----------------------------------------------------
This program is in alpha phases but I'm taking it seriously enough to give it
some version control, hence its existence on this public repo.

The overarching purpose of the Glossolalion is to create a generator for
constructed languages. The broad-stroked objectives are as follows:

1) Glossolalia: Create strings of words that flow together like glossolalia,
   also known as speaking in tongues. In this phase, the program will also
   generate orthographic representations of sounds, largely relying on English
   and romanized orthography, because it's what I know.
2) Morphemes: Words aren't just arbitrary collections of syllables; syllables
   can be broken down into meaningful units called morphemes. A better
   generated language would contain these morphemes and build its words from
   them.
3) Parts of speech: Take individual words and assign them parts of speech.
   This would mark the beginnings of a semantic grammar.
4a) Poetry: Using whatever AI strategies I can learn, once Glossolalion has
    generated a language, it would be great if I could teach it to write
	poetry.
4b) Internationalization: The nature of this project makes it such that coding
    for internationalization will be inherently simpler. The project relies on
	UTF-8 for its coding, which is the de facto character encoding for most of
	the world. An important later-stage step would be to really push the
	readability and usability of this program on a global scale.

I am somewhat of a novice with only a few years of student C++11 under my belt,
so this code isn't impeccable, but I strive to keep it clean and well
commented. I appreciate any and all constructive feedback.

Thank you for taking the time to look at Glossolalion!

- Christopher Chellew (chrisewick@gmail.com)
December 30, 2019

Notes:
FLTK must be installed on your system and linked to the project for this to
build successfully.

Glossolalion uses FLTK 1.3.5, which is distributed under the GPL.

You are free to look at and alter Glossolalion for educational purposes,
although as yet no formal license for it has been established.

----------------------------------
Copyleft Christopher Chellew, 2019
----------------------------------